#DEEP LEARNING STUDIO / SKIVA END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

**IMPORTANT – READ CAREFULLY.** 

YOUR INSTALL OR USE OF THE DEEP LEARNING STUDIO AI APPLICATION (THE “DEEP LEARNING STUDIO”) IS CONDITIONED UPON YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH, AND ACCEPTANCE OF, THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT BY CLICKING ON THE ACCEPT BUTTON OR SIMILAR BUTTONS OR LINKS AS MAY BE DESIGNATED BY SKIVA TO SHOW THESE TERMS AND/OR TO INSTALL OR USE THE DEEP LEARNING STUDIO, YOU ARE ENTERING INTO A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT.  YOU WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO USE THE DEEP LEARNING STUDIO AND THE ASSOCIATED SERVICES UNLESS AND UNTIL YOU ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER RULES OR POLICIES THAT SKIVA MAY CREATE AND MAKE AVAILABLE ON deepcognition.ai WEBSITE FROM TIME TO TIME.

This is a legal agreement between you (“You”) and Skiva Technologies Inc. (“Skiva”), stating the terms that govern your use of THE DEEP LEARNING STUDIO (referred to in this agreement as the "Licensed Application").  

The Licensed Application is licensed, and not sold, to You for use only under the terms of this license, unless a Skiva product is accompanied by a separate license agreement, in which case the terms of that separate license agreement will govern, subject to Your prior acceptance of that separate license agreement.  Skiva reserves all rights not expressly granted to You.  

a. 	Scope of License:  This license granted to You for the Licensed Application by Skiva is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Licensed Application on any Linux OS based computer that You own or control.  Unless specifically allowed by Skiva, You may not distribute or make the Licensed Application available over a network where it could be used by computers or users at the same time.  You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Licensed Application.  You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by this license), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Application, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open sourced components included with the Licensed Application).  Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of Skiva and its licensors.  If You breach this restriction, You may be subject to prosecution and damages.  The terms of the license will govern any upgrades provided by Skiva (if any) that replace and/or supplement the original product, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern.

b. 	Non-commercial Use Only: Licensed Application is for your personal, non-commercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement. 

c. 	Consent to Use of Data:  You agree that Skiva may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about computer, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to You (if any) related to the Licensed Application.  Skiva may use this information to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to You.

d. 	Maintenance and Support:  Skiva may at its sole discretion, and at the time and place of its choosing, provide maintenance and support for the Licensed Application.

e. 	Termination:  The license is effective until terminated by You or Skiva.  Your rights under this license will terminate automatically without notice from Skiva if You fail to comply with any term(s) of this license.  Upon termination of the license, You shall cease all use of the Licensed Application, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Application.

f.	Services; Third Party Materials:  

Certain Services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links to certain third party web sites.  By using the Services, You acknowledge and agree that Skiva is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites.  Skiva does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to You or any other person for any third-party Services, Third Party Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties.  Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to You.  

You agree that the Services may contain proprietary content, information and material that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright, and that You will not use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of the Services.  No portion of the Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means.  You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Services, in any manner, and You shall not exploit the Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, by trespass or burdening network capacity. 


g. 	NO WARRANTY:  YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED APPLICATION ("SERVICES") ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND SKIVA HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.  SKIVA DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN, OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY, THE LICENSED APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.  NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY SKIVA OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  


h. 	Limitation of Liability:  TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SKIVA BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE ACTS OR OMMISSIONS OF OTHERS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF SKIVA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  In no event shall Skiva’s total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).  The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.

i. 	Export Restrictions:  You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed Application except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was obtained.  In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Application may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List.  By using the Licensed Application, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list.  You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.

j. 	Government Use:  The Licensed Application and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable.  Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.  Unpublished-rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.

k. 	Governing Law:  The laws of the State of Texas, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this license and your use of the Licensed Application.  Your use of the Licensed Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

